This suite contains 167 control system benchmarks that were used 
to evaluate the Counterexample-Guided Inductive Synthesis (CEGIS)
approach described in the following two publications:

- Alessandro Abate, Iury Bessa, Dario Cattaruzza, Lucas C. Cordeiro, 
Cristina David, Pascal Kesseli, Daniel Kroening, Elizabeth Polgreen:
Automated Formal Synthesis of Digital Controllers for State-Space 
Physical Plants. CAV (1) 2017: 462-482.

- Alessandro Abate, Iury Bessa, Dario Cattaruzza, Lucas C. Cordeiro, 
Cristina David, Pascal Kesseli, Daniel Kroening:
Sound and Automated Synthesis of Digital Stabilizing 
Controllers for Continuous Plants. HSCC 2017: 197-206.

In order to obtain all control system benchmarks, the following command 
must be typed in the MATLAB command-line.

$makebenchmarks

As a result, we get the following output in MATLAB:

Creating test suite for DS Tools...
DC Motor - 8 benchmarks
HSCC 2017 - 6 benchmarks
Pendulum - 8 benchmarks
Inverted Cart Pendulum - 16 benchmarks
1/4 Car Suspension System - 7 benchmarks
Simple Magnetic Suspension System - 8 benchmarks
Car Cruise Control - 7 benchmarks
Computer Tape Driver - 8 benchmarks
Helicopter Longitudinal Motion - 8 benchmarks
USCG cutter Tampa Heading Angle - 8 benchmarks
Magnetic Pointer - 8 benchmarks
Examples from Chen et. al - 28 benchmarks
Guidance Control System - 1 benchmark
Flexible beam - 7 benchmarks
Acrobot - 7 benchmarks
Antenna - 7 benchmarks
CSTR - 7 benchmarks
Voltage Regulator - 8 benchmarks
Done
Total of benchmarks: 167
The .mat file benchmark_tf.mat contains the transfer function models.
The .mat file benchmark_ss.mat contains the state space models.


Here is a short description for each control system benchmark.

1- DC Motor

DC Motor benchmark describes the velocity dynamics of a basic 
brushed direct current electrical machine.

2- Automotive Cruise System

An automotive cruise control system is used to keep constant the speed 
of an automobile, tracking a desired speed reference, compensating 
disturbances and uncertainties related to relief and terrain.

3- Pendulum

A pendulum is a system composed by a swinging point mass suspended from 
a frictionless pivot through a negligible mass rod.

4- Inverted Pendulum

An inverted pendulum is a system similar to the pendulum, but the point 
mass must be equilibrated above the pivot point that is mounted on 
one degree of freedom cart, which moves over a track through a DC motor.

5- Magnetic Suspension

Magnetic suspension benchmark corresponds to the discrete model of a 
simple eletromagnet-ball system, where a steel ball is levitated in air 
by the action of an electromagnetic force generated by an electromagnet.

6- Magnetic Pointer

Magnetic pointer is a pointer, which is usually employed in analogue 
gauges and indicators, whose angular position dynamics is controlled 
by a magnetic field.

7- 1/4 Car Suspension

The 1/4 Car Suspension benchmark corresponds to the model of a single 
wheel suspension system of a car, i.e., the relative motion dynamics 
of a mass springer damp model that connects the car to one of its wheels.

8- Computer Tape Driver

Computer Tape Drive is a computer storage device typically used to read 
and write data on magnetic tapes.

9- Acrobot - Robot Manipulator

The Acrobot benchmark corresponds to the model of a two-link 
underactuated robot manipulator, named Acrobot, linearized by partial 
feedback linearization.

10- High-order Systems from Chen et. al.

These benchmarks correspond to a series of high-order system model 
typically used as example for order reduction techniques. In this study, 
these benchmarks are used for evaluating the proposed control synthesis 
technique under critical conditions, i.e., with a large number 
of parameters to be considered.

11- Continuous Stirred Tank Reactor

This benchmark describes a linear model for PH dynamics of a PH 
neutralization process of an aqueous solution of sodium acetate with 
hydrochloric acid in a continuous flow stirred-tank reactor.

12- Flexible Beam

A Flexible Beam is a plant usually employed in vibration studies. It is 
composed by a flexible metallic structure with piezoceramic actuators 
and sensors.

13- Helicopter Longitudinal Motion

The Helicopter Longitudinal Motion benchmark describes the dynamics of 
transitional motion with respect to a longitudinal plane and the 
rotational motion around the longitudinal axis.

14- USCG cutter Tampa Heading Angle

The USCG cutter Tampa Heading Angle describes the heading angle 
dynamics of a Coast Guard cutter.

15- Voltage regulator

The voltage regulator benchmark consists of a linear model of a 
synchronous machine connected to an infinite bus.

16- Guidance Control System

The Guidance Control System benchmark is another high-order system 
model used by Chen et al. to evaluate reduction techniques. Guidance 
systems are used to determine the path of an autonomous vehicle movement.

17- Satellite Attitude Control System

This benchmark describes the dynamics of a satellite attitude, i.e., 
the orientation angles. An attitude control system must maintain the 
desired orientation of satellite with respect to an inertial frame 
during all the excursion. 

18- Springer-mass damper

The springer-mass damper systems are classic models for several 
mechanical systems dynamics. This benchmark describes a mass that is 
fixed to a node through a springer and moves under the action of a 
input force, damping, and elastic force.

For further questions about these benchmarks, 
please contact Iury Bessa <iury.bessa@gmail.com>. 
